generate databases access credentials for an application (#163)
openfun/arnold: docs/developer_guide/playbooks.md

> `development` respectively. **In all cases, the `-e "customer=foo env_type=bar"` option is not required if you want to work with `eugene` in
> `development`**.

## `create_databases_vault.yml`

> This playbook will generate the credentials for the databases used by your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook will generate credentials for the databases required by active applications.
```

> Every databases should be described in your every application. For this create a `databases.yml` file in `apps/{app}/vars`. This file contains a `databases` list like this : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every application should describe its own required databases. To do so, create a `databases.yml` file in the `apps/{{ app.name }}/vars` directory with the following content: 
```

```yaml
databases:
  - engine: "mysql"
    release: "5.7"
  - engine: "mongodb"
    release: "3.2"
```

> `engine` and `release` are mandatories parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_nota bene_: `engine` and `release` are mandatories parameters.
```

> This playbook works in `append` mode. Your existing `databases` vault will never be erased nor exsiting databases credentials modified. If you add a new app later with databases, run this playbook again and your new databases credentials will be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this playbook works in "append" mode, _i.e._ existing `databases` vault will never be erased nor existing databases credentials modified. If you add a new application that requires databases, you can safely run this playbook again and new databases credentials will be configured.
```

### Usage

You don't need to be connected to your OpenShift instance to run this playbook.

```bash

> $ bin/run ansible-playbook create_databases_vault.yml --ask-vaul-pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ bin/run ansible-playbook create_databases_vault.yml --ask-vault-pass
```
